It is said that the resting places of the dead are best left undisturbed. But some are not dead, only sleeping. None knowing when they might awaken.
-dramatic cave reveal, bursting from ground or whatnot-
Now, no longer content with luring in the unwary, the cavern yawned, but remained inaccessible to any but the chosen. The cursed.
Every day, one villager is dawn to the cave. Those who delve within are never heard from again.  Even those who remain at the entrance succumb to a mysterious illness within minutes.
-shadows demonstrating various things around entrance-
Faced with this slow forfiture of life, the city fled. Save for the hopeful, the stubborn, and the foolhardy. Stranger still were those drawn to the scene.
-crowd or pile of shadowy figures disperse, revealing clear image of Douglass standing there.
Douglass: I understand you have a problem.
-Douglass talking to mayor-
Douglass: My price? I get to keep whatever I loot down there.
Presents treasure chest
Wilson: certainly! All the treasure you can carry!
Douglass: I didn’t say what I could carry. I said what I could loot.
Demonstrates making sword disappear from hand and appear in chest. (I imagine a still image with a little SFX of the sword blinking out of hand/into chest)
Douglass: You know somebody who can work this?
Giving crystal ball
Wilson: yes, I think I—
Douglass: Good, should give your bards a decent view.
Wilson: what if you aren’t chosen?
Cut to Douglass inside cave, as seen through crystal ball.
Douglass: It’ll chose me. They always do.



Narrator: It is said that the resting places of the dead are best left undisturbed. But some are not dead, only sleeping. None knowing when they might awaken.

Narrator: No longer content with the victims who wandered into its maw, the cavern began to compel people to enter. Each day one villager is drawn to the cavern. Those who delve within are never heard from again. Even those who remain at the entrance succomb to a mysterious illness withing minutes.

Narrator: Faced with annihilation, the city fled. Save for the hopeful, the stubborn, and the foolharty.

Hero: I understand you have a problem.

Hero: My price? I get to keep whatever I loot down there.

Mayor: Certainly, all the treasure you can carry.

Hero: I didn't say what I could carry, I said what I could loot. (attitude is a 'check out this trick')

Mayor: You know somebody who can work this?

Wilson: yes, I think I—

Douglass: Good, should give your bards a decent view.

Mayor: What if you aren't chosen?

Douglass: It'll choose me. They always do.










